
Am making progress on writing up a few things related
to the LBG wind of Steidel et al.  Will send along the crude
draft shortly, maybe end of today.

Good, I'm hoping to make some progress on thinking about this this week 
as well and then we can talk more about it in SD. 

In the meantime, here is a Figure of interest.  It shows
the Cumulative Mass, Cumulative K.E., Mass Flux, and
Cumulative Power in the wind.

I'm using the clump approach that I did before, and am
reasonably happy with that methodology.

Am not sure, however, about how to calculate the Mass Flux
and Cumulative Power.  What I've done here is to:

a.  Calculate mass flux in each "shell" to be   Mdot = M * v / Dr where
Dr is the width of the shell and M is the mass in the shell.
That obviously makes sense dimensionally, but am not sure
about physically.


This approach seems reasonable to me.  I was thinking 
of computing the kinetic energy of a wind and dividing by the 
dynamical time, but integrating it up shell by shell is obviously more accurate. 

I think you mean M*Dr/v here. I presume dM = 4*pi*r^2*Dr*rho. How do you 
calculate Dr? I think you have an additional constraint on Dr(r) from the velocity
but I never really understood that argument.  

So if I understand this correctly, the mass M(r) depends only on the covering factor f_C(r)
and the column density of the clouds, and you are obtaining a lower limit
on the column density of the clouds by assuming they are solar metallicity and 
that SiII is saturated, right?

I don't understand how the mass flux can increase with redshift like this? 
That is not physical, i.e. your wind is gaining nearly a factor of 100 in mass
flux between 10 kpc and 100 kpc? That would mean you are creating cold
gas mass somehow. There is of course no way to do that in a ballistic model, 
i.e. there you would have to conserve mass and obey a continuity equation. 

You could create mass flux like this if material is cooling and condensing into your cold 
phase as the wind propagates out, but that seems bizarre to me, because 

a) a  hot phase traveling with the wind would be lowering its density as ~ r^-2 (assuming
you are not gaining hot material) and so cooling is less effective at large radii. 

b) if you are sweeping up mass from the halo and converting that to cold gas (who knows
how you would do this in practice as it seems hard to get it to cool fast enough), you are going to 
have a tough time picking up this much mass in such a short time. 

For example, assume the ambient medium has n = 0.01 cm^-3. A R = 100 kpc 
halo then only has 10^12 Solar masses of material and the dynamical time is 2e8 years
for v = 500 km/s. So if all the mass magically cooled to 10^4 K and flew out in a dynamical time that would 
still only be 5000 Msun/year??


b.  From there, the power is simply  1/2 Mdot v^2, but again this
hinges on the Mdot definition.

Yikes that is a pretty energetic wind:) This will only get more fun for Tremonti's winds
since the power scales as v^3, i.e. if you assumed 500 km/s for Steidel her winds
will have ~ 8 times more power. 

Anyhow, could use some of your brain cells on this one.

Perhaps it makes sense to chat via skype. I'm trying to schedule a meeting
with Klessen to see what he thinks about this stuff. Namely I need some guidance on figuring
on what fraction of this power we can use as heat. If we get to use ~ 10%, that is a lot of cooling
radiation. 

Amazing that it takes plumbers like us to realize that this doesn't make physical sense. Where
are the theorists? In their defense Norm Murray would probably say there is no evidence for 
a hot-phase in the halos of normal galaxies. But I don't think I believe that -- there have to be
baryons somewhere in the halo. 




Cheers,

X

<fig_lbg_mass_etc.ps>

----------------------------------------------
Jason X. Prochaska
UCO/Lick Observatory
UC Santa Cruz
Santa Cruz, CA 95064

xavier@ucolick.org
http://www.ucolick.org/~xavier/
831-459-2135 (Direct)
831-459-2991 (UCO/Lick Main)
831-459-5244 (Fax)


------------------------------------------------
Joseph F. Hennawi
Research Group Leader
Max-Planck-Institut für Astronomie
Königstuhl 17
69117 Heidelberg
Germany
Phone: +49-6221-528-263
Mobile: +49-171-175-4096
E-mail: joe@mpia.de
------------------------------------------------

!DSPAM:826,4d99dce6145011422511209!


There is also a problem with just simple energetics, i.e. a good rule of thumb is that you can only get a mass flux out of a starburst wind that is comparable to a star-formation rate. This arises from the amount of energy you can extract per SNe explosion. So for LBGs, mass outflow rates should be more like ~ 30-100 Msun per year, not ~ 5000 Msun/year. Similar considerations apply for momentum (I think) driven winds.  

So if I understand correctly, this seeming contradiction arises because you see a large covering factor of saturated meta line absorption at large distances from galaxies ~ 50 kpc (implying a significant cold gas mass) and you are wrongly attributing this to a large scale wind which has extreme kinematics deduced from galaxy self-absorption spectra. This problem goes away if the self-absorption kinematics are dominated by material very close to the galaxy ~ 1 kpc, and have only a small contribution from the material at ~ 50 kpc. 

Joe

