Kate's comments, 9/3/10

In editing the text, I concentrated mostly on the Intro, section 2.2, and the
Radiation Pressure section (which has an outstanding issue, as you
will read below).  Other changes were mostly just adding
references and fixing minor typos.  Here are some general comments:

-- In editing the Intro, I didn't include comments on the "funny
   Sobolev" stuff as Dan suggested, since I didn't know what that meant
   (just a warning)

-- Section 2.2, "The Source": regarding MgII emission from HII
   regions, I think you're right that the spectra in Kinney et
   al. 1993 which are supposed to be showing MgII emission from
   starbursts aren't very convincing.  At the end of that paper, the
   spectra are presented again more clearly, and there are only maybe
   1 or 2 that look like star-forming spectra and have MgII emission.  So I
   think maybe we should say HII regions are observed to emit weakly
   in MgII.  In listing MgII as a prominent HII region line, Kinney refers to an
   article by Dufour et al. (1987), in the book "Exploring the
   Universe with the IUE Satellite".  I haven't been able to find this
   article online anywhere, but it's possible it could be more
   convincing than Kinney.  But anyway, I think I've been until now 
   making more of a big deal out of MgII emission from star forming regions 
   than is really appropriate/justified by Kinney.  The MgII in the
   simple HII region model from Cloudy comes out 0.02 - 0.04 times
   weaker than Hbeta.

-- Section 3, paragraph 7 (I think): I find the discussion of the
   false conclusions that are drawn from ignoring emission effects
   confusing.  I completely agree that one falsely concludes that the
   wind partially covers the source, since the profiles have similar
   depth but lie well above zero as you say.  But for me this doesn't fully
   jive with the idea that one will falsely *underestimate* the true
   optical depth.  If you assume partial covering, couldn't you still come
   up with pretty high optical depth?  And looking at the FeII lines
   and ignoring emission effects, I'd say that I'd *overestimate* the optical
   depth, since the EW ratio of the observed absorption lines is closer to 1
   than the EW ratio of the intrinsic absorption lines.  Does this
   make sense, or am I hopelessly (and embarrassingly) confused?  (This
   comes up again at the end in your discussion of Figure 20.)

-- Section 4.1 -- would it be useful at all to see the biconical
   outflow results in 2D, as in Figure 5?  I don't know if it really
   would; just a thought.

-- Section 4.3, last paragraph: How does the filling-in of the absorption
   line at high negative velocities compare to the dust-free model?

-- Section 5.2:  Here you have assigned R_g = 1 kpc and R_0 = 20 kpc.
   I think R_g has to actually be larger than R_0.  Here, R_0 is
   the launch radius for the wind.  R_g is defined to be 

   R_g = (L / L_Edd) R_0.

   If L is not larger than L_Edd, than the wind won't be launched.
   I've added a little bit on this to my original document, which is
   attached (starting at the bottom of p. 1).  I really should have clarified 
   all of this in the first place--
   my apologies!  It might make sense to try R_0 = 1 kpc and R_g ~ 4
   kpc.  Then the wind will accelerate until it reaches R_g, and then
   decelerate until it stops at about 50 kpc.

-- Section 6: when I was talking to Tremonti about her Letter, she did
   say that a few of the profiles showed signs of P Cygni-- I
   don't think this is in her paper, just thought I'd mention it

-- Readers might be interested in knowing f*lambda for each transition
   -- maybe this could go in Table 1.

-- Figure 17:  Would it improve clarity to group the profiles so that there are 3
   colors per plot (e.g., ABC, DEF, etc.)?  

-- Figure 20:  Why are there v_tau ~ 0 cases with high tau_pk?

-- I like the new FeII* width plot!
